[SYCL][Doc] non_uniform_groups extension spec fixes (#13702)
intel/llvm: sycl/doc/extensions/experimental/sycl_ext_oneapi_non_uniform_groups.asciidoc

A ballot-group is a non-contiguous subset of a group, representing a collection
of all work-items in the group that share the same value of some predicate.

> Ballot-groups are always created in a range of two: the one ballot-group

Author: Note for reviewers: I removed mentions of "first" and "second", because below we explicitly say that work-items where the predicate is true are in ballot-group with local id = 1 and the rest of work-items are in ballot-group with local id = 0.

Which meant that 1 is "first" and 0 is "second". I think here we shouldn't use any ordering-related terms to avoid contradiction with the detailed description of methods below.

> Ballot-groups are always created in a range of two: the one ballot-group

Reviewer: I would also remove the "the", though I think both are correct.
```suggestion
Ballot-groups are always created in a range of two: one ballot-group
```

Reviewer 2: I agree that "the" should be removed here.

----
id_type get_group_id() const;
----

> _Returns_: An `id` representing the index of the ballot-group in a parent group.

Author: Note for reviewers: I'm not entirely sure if this clarification is needed, perhaps that piece of information is implied and should be obvious, but I though that it would be better to state it explicitly. 

If it is decided that it makes sense to add such clarification, then I should have another pass over the doc, because I haven't been consistent with adding it.

Reviewer: I am not even sure the clarification is that clear. What does it mean to have an "index in a parent group". You can create multiple ballot-groups from the same sub-group, and they may have the same indices.

Reviewer 2: The clearest thing to do here might be to say something really precise (and verbose), like:

```suggestion
_Returns_: An `id` representing the index of the ballot-group to which the
calling work-item belongs, as determined by the work-item's associated
`predicate` value.
```

...but I appreciate this isn't perfect either.  One of the things we've been exploring is to replace the concept of a `ballot-group` with "the result of a logical partitioning", which might make this easier to explain.  This would then read as "the index of the logical partition to which..."

----
range_type get_group_range() const;
----

> _Returns_: A `range` representing the number of ballot-groups in a parent group.
> 
> NOTE: This will always return a `range` of 2, as there will always be two groups;
> one representing the group of work-items where the predicate was true and

Reviewer 2: Maybe we could simplify this to:

```suggestion
_Returns_: The result of `range<1>(2)`.

NOTE: This always returns a `range` of 2, as there will always be two groups;
one representing the group of work-items where the predicate was true and
```

----
id_type get_local_linear_id() const;
----

> _Returns_: A linearized version of the `id` returned by `get_local_id()`.

Reviewer 2: Good catch!

----
range_type get_group_range() const;
----

> _Returns_: A `range` representing the number of fixed-size-groups in a parent
> group.

Reviewer 2: Maybe something like:
```suggestion
_Returns_: A `range` representing the number of fixed-size-groups created by
partitioning the parent group with `Size`.
```

I'm being pedantic, but the number of fixed-size-groups in a parent group might be a concept that some people struggle with.  If somebody partitions a group into fixed-size-groups of size 1 and again into fixed-size-groups of size 2, those two partitionings don't know anything about one another.

----
id_type get_local_linear_id() const;
----
_Returns_: A linearized version of the `id` returned by `get_local_id()`.

[source,c++]
----
linear_id_type get_group_linear_range() const;
----
_Returns_: A linearized version of the `range` returned by `get_group_range()`.

[source,c++]
----
linear_id_type get_local_linear_range() const;
----
_Returns_: A linearized version of the `range` returned by `get_local_range()`.

[source,c++]
----
bool leader() const;
----

> _Returns_: `true` for exactly one work-item in the fixed-size-group, if the

Author: Note for reviewers: no real changes here, just a re-formatting to fit into 80 symbol limit per line

----
id_type get_group_id() const;
----

> _Returns_: An `id` representing the index of the tangle-group in a parent group.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
_Returns_: The result of `id<1>(0)`.
```

----
id_type get_group_id() const;
----

> _Returns_: An `id` representing the index of the opportunistic-group in a parent
> group.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
_Returns_: The result of `id<1>(0)`.
```

we decide at a later date that `tangle_group` should support only sub-groups,
we should revisit the name to avoid creating confusion.
--

. Inconsistencies in `fixed_size_group`
+
--
`fixed_size_group` accepts template argument `PartitionSize` of type
`std::size_t`, which can be an unsigned 64-bit integer. However,
`linear_id_type` is defined as `uint32_t` for this group. Even though with the
current restrictions it is impossible to encounter such situation, there is
still a mismatch allowing to create a group so big that linear IDs won't be
correct for some of its work-items.

> --

Reviewer 2: I think this is just a bug, and we should update `linear_id_type` with `size_t`.

My initial prototype only works with sub-groups (which are limited to `uint32_t`) and that's probably how this crept in.  If/when we allow partitioning of work-groups (and other groups) into fixed-size groups, we may need `size_t`.
